Deprecate PG9.6 and PG10 for 1.7.0 (#355)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: getting-started/configuring.md

a lightweight scheduler that schedules jobs. On top of that, any additional
workers you allocate here will run background jobs when needed.

For larger queries, PostgreSQL automatically uses parallel workers if
they are available. To configure this on PostgreSQL 10 or later, use
the `max_parallel_workers` setting; for PostgreSQL 9.6, nothing needs
to be done. Increasing this setting will improve query performance for
larger queries.  Smaller queries may not trigger parallel workers.

> >:WARNING: Support for PostgresSQL 9.6 and 10 is deprecated and may
> >not be supported in a future release. We recommend that you use
> >PostgreSQL 11 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>:WARNING: Support for PostgresSQL 9.6 and 10 is deprecated and may
>be removed in a future release. We recommend that you use
>PostgreSQL 11 or later.
```
